The __Northwest Balboa Festival__ is back for its fourth year! We need YOU to come and make 2018 better than ever! With another year of fantastic music, dancing, practices, and afternoon socials, we're excited to give you everything you love about Balboa, perhaps with a surprise or two along the way. This year's Northwest Balboa Festival will bring the best of what the Pacific Northwest's dance community has to offer.

Since its start, Northwest Balboa Festival has been about building community and making everyone feel welcome. This has been the underlying driver for every decision we make. We didn’t set out to create the largest event possible, nor did we set out to pack as many classes as possible into one weekend. Originally inspired by our Vancouver friends Matt Lam and Angie Weddell, this event has largely been shaped and built by many members of our Seattle scene to provide a warm environment that encourages meeting new people and growing our regional dance scene in the beautiful Pacific Northwest.

Further, as our dance community at large evolves and grows, it is clear that we have entered a period in which consent violation and lack of personal safety have become problematic. With increasing awareness of these issues, we strive to provide a safe environment where we can all share this dance that we love. If you experience any such problems at the Northwest Balboa Festival, please do not hesitate to come talk to any one of us.

We feel so blessed that you have chosen to spend your time with us, sharing this dance that we love. Let's make 2018 the best Northwest Balboa Festival yet!
